(a) illustrates the sum of bipolar and lattice contribution - temperature variation for Mg2Si0.55−zSn0.4Ge0.05Biz solid solutions. First of all, it is clearly seen that our theoretical κbp+κph -T findings are in a fairly good agreement with the work of Khan et al. . We want to primarily notice that for all Bi doping levels the bipolar contribution on thermal conduction starts to exhibit its visible effect nearly above 700 K and leads a very slight increment in κbp+κph. Among all samples, from experimental findings it was reported that the z=0.025 sample has slightly sharper increase in κbp+κph above 700 K. This can be explained by using the highest Fbp parameter in our computations for z=0.025 sample as can be seen in . To obtain more detailed information about the temperature dependent phonon thermal conductivity the effect of different phonon scattering mechanisms on κph is displayed for only z=0.02 sample in (b). We found that boundary scattering plays a major role on κph below 100 K therefore its visible effect can not be seen in studied temperature range. Additionally, contributions from anharmonic and acoustic deformation potential scattering processes play a substantial role temperatures from 300 K to 850 K. However, more importantly, the mass defect scattering mechanism presents a dominant contribution for κph among all other scattering processes. Now, we can go back to (a) and report that while the Bi doping level increases the value of κbp+κph becomes larger which can be explained with increasing mass defect parameter Γmd. Furthermore, the smallest value of κbp+κph is attained both theoretically and experimentally for z=0.02 sample throughout the temperature range with the help of its larger mass defect scattering mechanism. While Khan et al. obtained the (κbp+κph)min as 1.01 W/m.K at 755 K we found (κbp+κph)min as 0.99 W/m.K at 850 K. Binary undoped Mg2Si has very large phonon thermal conductivity ( 11 W m−1 K−1) at room temperature . This value was decreased to 1.9 W m−1 K−1 at 300 K by using Mg2Si0.55Sn0.4Ge0.05 solid solution by Vlachos et al. due to the incorporation of mass fluctuation via Si/Sn/Ge substitution. To achieve further decrease in phonon thermal conductivity the way of doping is tried for these quaternary systems since introducing additional atoms in lattice leads a significant increment of complexity in the systems’ structure. For an effective n-type doping Bi is the best choice for Mg2(SiGeSn) systems because Bi atom