The requirement for high ZT, n-type material at temperatures over 600 K has driven research on oxides such as SrCrO3, CaMnO3, ZnO, In2O3 and SrTiO3. Strontium titanate (STO) is a leading candidate and the undoped material has a large Seebeck coefficient ∼ 850 μVK−1, but low electrical conductivity and high thermal conductivity. There have been many approaches to improve the properties of SrTiO3. A single crystal of La doped SrTiO3 has been reported to have a similar power factor (S2σ) to that of Bi2Te3 at room temperature (2800–3600 μW/K2m) . However the high thermal conductivity of undoped SrTiO3, in the range 6–12 W/mK, from room temperature to 1000 K , remains an important factor limiting the improvement of overall ZT. The thermoelectric performance of the STO based ceramics has been addressed by simultaneously improving the power factor and introducing phonon scattering centres to reduce the thermal conductivity. The difficulty in this approach is further accentuated by the increased electronic component of thermal conductivity as the electrical resistivity is reduced (parameters being linked by the Wiedmann-Franz law ). Dehkordi et al. have shown significant improvement in power factor of STO by using Pr doping and optimizing the presence of Pr-rich inclusions at grain boundaries using non-equilibrium heating rates. The main factors that improve the properties are the influence of donor-type oxygen vacancies in bulk compositions and of cationic substitution. Doped SrTiO3 prepared under reducing conditions has been particularly promising with ZT values as large as 0.41 at 1073 K being obtained . Other work has demonstrated that A and B site doping and variation of processing conditions can enhance the thermoelectric properties of these perovskites . Co-doping on the A/B sites and doping with heavy elements (in particular Dy and W ) have been effective in reducing thermal conductivity by phonon scattering. In addition, the generation of oxygen vacancies, by processing the materials under reducing conditions, has been equally beneficial for STO, leading to the creation of additional charge carriers as the oxidation states of transition elements (particularly Ti/Nb) are adjusted . The control of A-site cationic vacancies is also gaining attention as a route to improve thermoelectric properties. Popuri et al. have demonstrated temperature independent thermal conductivity for STO where 27% A-sites are vacant. Related work has explored the effect of A-site vacancies generated by a range of co-dopants . Notably, Lu et al. also investigated vacancy ordering as