 shows the effect of thermal cycling between 323 K and 700 K on the Seebeck coefficient (α) of the ODP – RS sample. During the first cycle, the temperature dependence of the Seebeck shows a maximum (about 280 μV/K) at 400 K, followed by a continuous decrease. During the second and third cycles, the maximum at about 400 K progressively decreases to ∼200 μV/K and 150 μV/K, respectively, and it is followed by a continuous increase with temperature. During the fourth and fifth cycles, the maximum at 400 K disappears and the Seebeck coefficient shows a reproducible continuous increase with temperature. As shown by XRD analysis, and , and SEM observations, , the as prepared ODP – RS sample contains ZnSb as well as Zn. In multiphase systems, the Seebeck coefficient depends on the thermopower behaviour of the single phases. The Seebeck coefficient of ZnSb ranges from 200 μV/K to 400 μV/K at room temperature, and its temperature dependence shows a maximum value between 400 K and 500 K . In the case of Zn4Sb3, α is around 100 μV/K at room temperature and shows a continuous increase with temperature . Thus, in the as prepared ODP – RS sample, the presence of ZnSb is responsible for the enhanced values of α at room temperature with respect to Zn4Sb3 single phase, and for the maximum around 400 K. As the sample is progressively homogenized by thermal cycling, the values and the temperature dependence of α tend to become those expected for Zn4Sb3 single phase. Both the disappearance of the endothermic peaks in DSC traces between the fourth and the fifth cycles, due to consumption of Zn by reaction (3), and the appearance of a reproducible temperature dependence of the Seebeck coefficient between the fourth and fifth cycles can be correlated to the sample homogenization. A similar behaviour is also observed for the ODP – MA sample (not shown). In this case, seven thermal cycles are needed before observing thermopower reproducibility, because of the larger amount of ZnSb and Zn in ODP – MA sample with respect to ODP – RS sample.