In this context, the coexistence of complex magnetic structure  and ferroelectricity  in the delafossite structure CuFeO2 is very interesting. In this compound crystallizing in the R3̄m space group, the FeO6 octahedra layers are isostructural to the CoO6 layer of the NaxCoO2 system . The main difference lies in the separating layer with a linear coordination of monovalent copper, since the O–Cu–O bridges ensure the connection between successive FeO2 planes. The presence of high spin (S=5/2) at the B-site of the AFeO2 delafossite together with the triangular spin frustration creates complex antiferromagnetic states, coupled to structural transitions, with modulations of the magnetic structure linked to ferroelectricity . However, the very stable high spin configuration of Fe3+, precluding the possibility to induce electrical conductivity, is in marked contrast with the low electrical resistivity reported for the chromium based analogous delafossite, CuCr1−xMgxO2. The CuCrO2 compound is clearly insulating and its magnetic structure, established by neutron diffraction data refinements, revealed a complex antiferromagnetic incommensurate structure with a short magnetic correlation length along c and a maximal magnetic moment of ∼3μB. Clear evidence for magnetic ordering below TN is provided by specific heat measurements as well, for both undoped and Mg-doped samples , the former being also a multiferroic . However, the electrical resistivity drop induced by the Mg2+ for Cr3+ substitution and its relation to the structural properties has not yet been clearly elucidated. The values of the transport coefficients show discrepancies, too. Indeed, according to Ono et al. , the resistivity of CuCr0.98Mg0.02O2 at room temperature (RT) is about 1 Ω cm, while according to Okuda et al. it is rather one order of magnitude smaller . Regarding the thermopower at room temperature, the former authors reported a value around 280 μV/K whereas the latter obtained 100 μV/K. Besides, some authors mentioned a hole creation at the A site by charge compensation, Cu+1−xCu2+xCr3+1−xMg2+xO2, whereas others considered a mixed valency Cr3+/Cr4+ according to Cu+Cr3+1−2xCr4+xMg2+xO2. For all these reasons the CuCr1−xMgxO2 system has been revisited.