Figure 3 shows the temperature dependence of Seebeck coefficient S, electrical conductivity σ, and power factor PF, respectively, for PBCSO samples with different annealing time. It is worth knowing that the electrical transport properties were all measured along the direction perpendicular to the pressing direction as shown in the inset of Fig. 3b. Compared with pristine BiCuSeO, both S and σ for the un-annealed sample PBCSO had been modulated, resulting in high PF of ~ 900 mWm-1 K-2 at 323 K. The significant enhancement in PF constituted the major reason for the increase of ZTs. In this work, we found that the transport properties of PBSCSO samples were greatly influenced by the annealing process. As shown in Fig. 3a, the values of S at 323 K decrease from ~ 150 μVK-1 for the un-annealed PBSCSO to ~ 125 μVK-1 for the PBCSO-A-5D. For all samples, the temperature-dependent behavior unchanged. With increasing temperature up to 873 K, however, the curves of S(T) increased, suggesting that the conductivity is still maintained after annealing. The decline in S is due to the increase in hole carrier concentration, which will be discussed later. The variation of electrical conductivity σ as shown in Fig. 3b is opposite to the S(T) as it increased after the annealing process. For all samples, the values of σ decreased with the increasing temperature, indicating a degenerated semiconductor behavior, which can also be normally observed in other Bi-site-doped BiCuSeO compounds. The σ for PBCSO was ~ 415 Scm-1 at 323 K, which increased to ~ 575 Scm-1 for PBCSO-A-1D and then decreased to ~ 500 Scm-1 for 3 days and 5 days annealed samples. As we all know, σ(T) usually exhibits the inverse relationship with S(T) mainly due to the coupling with carrier concentration. The enlarged carrier concentration ordinarily accelerates the decrease in S and brings the advantage to the σ, consisting with the results in Fig. 3a and b. Extending the annealing time up to 3 days and 5 days did not further optimize the transport properties, as the values of σ for PBCSO-A-3D and PBCSO-A-5D were all lower than that of PBCSO-A-1D sample. The existence of the second phase Bi2O3 as confirmed by XRD and EDX results may exhibit negative effects on the electrical conductivity. The temperature dependence of power factor (PF = S2σ) combining the variation in S and σ for all PBCSO samples is shown