
Our theoretical calculations predict a thermal conductivity value of about 7.8 W m−1 K−1 at 300 K for pure CaMnO3. This value is substantially higher than our measured values. However, a theoretical overestimation is expected since our calculations treat a perfect defect free bulk CaMnO3. The films are not free of defects, e.g. point defects, line defects and grain boundaries, which can act as strong scattering sources for phonons, reducing thermal conductivity. In our study, the thermal conductivity of the pure CaMnO3 film is measured to 2.2 W m−1 K−1 at room temperature, which is lower than the reported values from other studies. This difference in thermal conductivity can be attributed to the variation in film growth method, resulting in different grain distribution in the film. Conventionally, CaMnO3 is grown by solid state reaction method, which results in large grain size, reducing the scattering probability of phonons at grain interfaces. Fig. 7 shows the cumulative thermal conductivity of CaMnO3 at 300 K as a function of the mean free path. This shows that the phonons that carry heat have a mean free path between a fraction of a nanometer to roughly 400 nm. The dashed line marks the 40 nm mean free path, which corresponds to the apparent grain size (from SEM, Fig. 2) in our films. The small differences in grain size between samples are neglectable for phonon scattering as changing the grain size by 25% results in less than 5% change in available phonons for efficient scattering, see Fig. 7. More than 35% of the heat-carrying phonons have a mean free path longer than 40 nm. Thus, they should be affected by grain boundary scattering, resulting in a reduction of the thermal conductivity. This means that we see two different contributions to the overall reduction of the thermal conductivity, grain boundary scattering and the R–P phase. However, we also see a decrease in thermal conductivity with increasing Nb content in the films. We propose that the thermal conductivity is reduced by the scattering of phonons on heavy Nb atoms in the lattice where more Nb leads to higher chance of scattering events. Our results thus suggest that the thermal conductivity can be controlled by microstructure optimization or by introducing a R–P secondary phase, where microstructure optimization is the preferred route for thermoelectric applications because the R–P phase reduces the electrical conductivity.