(a), BiCuSeO crystallizes in a layered ZrCuSiAs structure, with the tetragonal unit cell a = b = 3.9273 Å, c = 8.9293 Å, Z = 2, and the space group P4/nmm. BiCuSeO exhibits a two-dimensional layered structure, composed of alternatively stacking of fluorite-like Bi2O2 layers and Cu2Se2 layers along c-axis . The combination of low electrical conductivity and large Seebeck coefficient produce a moderate power factor of undoped BiCuSeO, as shown in (b), (c) and 10(d). Considering the intrinsically low thermal conductivity of BiCuSeO ((e)), a practical way to enhance ZT is to increase its electrical transport properties, i.e., the carrier concentration and carrier mobility . The modulation doping, widely used in a 2-dimension film devices to increase carrier mobilities, is very promising to improve the thermoelectric performance for compounds with intrinsically low thermal conductivities; indeed, the introduction of modulation doping in BiCuSeO increases its carrier mobility from 2 to 4 cm2/Vs and decouples the power factor . As shown in (f), the figure of merit ZT was increased from 1.1 to 1.4 at 923 K in BiCuSeO system by modulation doping. The modulation approach prompts the carrier redistribution between the regions with contrasting carrier mobilities, thus facilitating the overall electrical transport. The heterostructures of modulation doped sample make charge carriers preferentially transport in the low carrier concentration area, which increases carrier mobility by a factor of two while maintains the similar overall carrier concentration as that in the uniformly doped sample . The intrinsically low thermal conductivity of BiCuSeO is the main reason for the promising thermoelectric performance in BiCuSeO system, namely, the thermal conductivities of BiCuSeO remain about 0.3–0.5 W/mK throughout the entire temperature range. The elastic properties indicate a Grüneisen parameter of 1.5 in BiCuSeO system , which is impressive for a conductor with moderate electrical transport properties. As in the same V group, Bi owns a larger atom radius than that of Sb, thus it is reasonable to expect that the valence shell and electron clouds surrounding the Bi atoms would be larger than that of Sb . Similarly low lattice thermal conductivity should be observed in the Bi-based compounds, in which the Bi ion formally adopts the trivalent state as Sb in AgSbTe2. The connection between the nature of the bonding and the Grüneisen parameter (γ) has been explored in detail theoretically by Huang et al., who clearly show the effect of large electron