SnS and SnSe have received increasing attention as new thermoelectric materials with abundant resources and better environmental compatibility. These materials in their pristine form possess high Seebeck coefficient and low thermal conductivity but low electrical conductivity due to the low carrier concentration which results in low ZT values. Electrical conductivity can be enhanced by optimizing carrier concentration through elemental doping and band convergence,,, while thermal conductivity can be suppressed via forming solid solutions (alloying), nanostructure architecture and microstructure modulation,,, by virtue of intensifying phonon scattering at atomic, nano and micro scales, respectively. Among these strategies, forming solid solutions, has also been revealed as an effective way to modify the band structures: it can alter the band shape (effective mass), change the band gap (related to bipolar effect), and also affect the relative position of different bands (band alignment and convergence), thus directly determining charge transport and thermoelectric performance. Recently a ZT value up to 0.6 at 873 K was achieved in Ag–doped SnS polycrystals by Tan et al., which is 275% higher than the undoped samples. SnSe is the heavier analogue of SnS, and both crystalize in highly anisotropic layered orthorhombic structure (Pnma) at room temperature and convert to Cmcm at high temperatures,. Optical properties on the two materials has been studied extensively in the past, and recent attention has been paid to their thermoelectric properties,,. Guo et al. comparatively calculated the ZT values of SnSe and SnS using first principle and the Boltzmann transport, and found that SnSe has larger optimal ZT than SnS. Recently an unprecedented ZT of 2.6 at 973 K was observed in SnSe single crystal along b–axis due to moderate power factor and ultra–low lattice thermal conductivity. Nevertheless, due to the rigorous and low–efficiency of synthetic process of the single crystals, most of the thermoelectric materials are expected to work in polycrystalline forms, which can be synthesized through low cost powder metallurgical processes. A typical example is a combination of mechanical alloying (MA) and spark plasma sintering (SPS). The advantage of MA is to get fine powders in a short alloying time and low fabrication cost while SPS treatment can achieve high density close to the theoretical value and keeps the original microstructure using faster rate which also help to avoid the coarsening of grains.