Figure 3(c) and (d) shows the electrical conductivity (σ) of SnS1-xSex solid solutions in the temperature range 323–823 K in the two directions. The σ of the SnS1-xSex solid solutions increases with rising temperature. σ⊥ of SnS is 3.24 × 10^-3 S/cm at 323 K, which is comparable to our previous studies but greatly lower than Han’s work. For solid solutions, σ is also lower than the same composition in ref.. This phenomenon is ascribed to the lower carrier concentration (nH) and mobility (μH) in this work as shown in Table 2. The lower mobility can be intuitively understood since samples here prepared by MA should contain abundant defects that act as scattering centers of carriers. The reason for the lower carrier concentration is not quite clear. We tentatively argue that the off stoichiometry, probably the existence of S deficiencies, may be important. Recalling the Seebeck coefficient as mentioned above, it is also smaller in this study, which seems to be in contrary to the common sense that a lower nH usually gives a larger S. However, this simple prediction is reliable only when the dominant scattering mechanisms are similar, which need further investigation. σ decreases with increase of Se content (x) for x = 0.2 at 323 K, which is due to the impaired carrier mobility by alloying. With even more Se, σ increases with x, which is mainly due to increased nH. It is also seen that over the whole temperature range all the SnS1-xSex solid solutions, σ// is lower than σ⊥ one due to the preferred orientation of the (400) plane in this direction, which is related to the larger effective mass and the consequentially lower carrier mobility along this direction. The highest electrical conductivities of 33.1 S/cm and 27 S/cm are obtained at 823 K for the composition SnS0.2Se0.8 along the directions ⊥ and // to the SPS–pressurizing direction, respectively. Figure 3(e) and (f) present the power factors (PF = S2σ) of all the SnS1-xSex samples versus selenium content (x). Over the entire temperature range, the PF⊥ is higher than PF//. The maximum PF⊥ and PF// of the composition SnS0.2Se0.8 at 823 K are 3.7 μW cm-1 K-2 and 2.93 μW cm-1 K-2, respectively.