One of the advantages of the SWNTs is the formation of tough, but flexible film due to the entanglement of the fibrous SWNTs by facile filtration of the SWNT dispersions. In this study, two types of freestanding films of the CoCp2@SWNTs (Fig. 3a) and the empty-SWNTs were fabricated. The SEM image of a CoCp2@SWNT film (Fig. 3b) shows entanglement of the fibrous SWNTs and the length and diameter of the CoCp2 5 μm and 10–200 nm, respectively. The free-standing CoCp2@SWNT film enabled to bent to a 3.5 mm-radius over 1,000 times-bending test without any change in the surface resistance (Fig. 3c), indicating high flexibility due to the entangled network structures as shown in Fig. 3b. These films were used to measure the electrical conductivities and Seebeck coefficients at different temperatures and the results are shown in Fig. 3d and 3e, respectively. Of interest, the electrical conductivity of the CoCp2@SWNT film increased by one order of magnitude (43,200 S m-1 at 320 K) compared to that (4,450 S m-1) of the empty SWNTs. The electrical conductivity of the CoCp2@SWNTs film is higher than that of the SWNT film, which is explained by the increased carrier density, leading to an upshift of the Fermi level due to the charge transfer from the CoCp2 to the nanotubes. From the XPS result shown in Figure 2a, the CoCp2 was oxidized to CoCp2+, indicating the electron transfer from CoCp2 to the tubes and resulting in an increase in the carrier density of the nanotubes. Smalley et al. also reported the increase of conductivity of the nanotubes by chemical doping using potassium and Br2, resulting in increase of electrical conductivity due to an increase in carrier density. Furthermore, these values were almost constant in the temperature range of 310– 420 K. In order to explain the possible conduction mechanism of the CoCp2@SWNT film, we analyzed the temperature dependent electrical conductivities based on the variable range hopping (VRH) models using the following equation (1), . where σ(Τ) and T are the electrical conductivity (S m-1) and absolute temperature (K), respectively and T0 is a characteristic temperature used in the VRH model. d has a value of 1–3 (d = 1: Efros-Shklovskii (ES)-VRH, d = 2 or 3: Mott-VRH). Although the temperature-dependent electrical conductivities of the SWNT film were fitted well with the model similar with the previous study, for the CoCp2@SWNT film, the temperature dependent electrical