shows the relationship between σ, S, PF and chemical composition parameters x at 300 K. It can be seen that σ of the film with x = 0.7 increases slightly with increasing temperature, showing the semiconducting behavior (a). When x = 1.1 and 1.5, the electrical conductivity of the films gradually decreases as temperature increases, showing a typical metal conduction behavior. Such metal-insulator transition can be attributed to the greatly increased carrier concentrations in the films with x = 1.1 and 1.5 as revealed by the Hall effect measurement. Interestingly, Sb doping also induces a metal-insulator transition in Bi2Se3 thin films which is evidenced by the temperature-dependent resistance . For films with x = 0 and 2, the electrical conductivity is less affected by changing temperature. The electrical conductivity of all doped films is higher than that of the undoped Bi2Te3 film. The electrical conductivity of the film with x = 1.5 (Bi0.5Sb1.5Te3) is the largest in the Bi2-xSbxTe3 film series. The largest conductivity reaches to be 2.95 × 10^5 S m-1 at 300 K, about ten times higher than that of the undoped Bi2Te3 film and more than three times higher than the reported films conductivity (~ 0.8 × 10^5 S m-1) and bulk conductivity (~ 0.8 × 10^5 S m-1) of Bi0.5Sb1.5Te3. The optimized electrical conductivity can be attributed to the high carrier concentration and carrier mobility, suggesting that a particular morphology of the films is favorable for carrier transport. b shows the relationship between Seebeck coefficient and temperature for the films. Since S and carrier concentration n are related by S∝n-2/3, the large carrier concentration leads to a relatively small Seebeck coefficient of Bi2-xSbxTe3 films here. It can be seen that Seebeck coefficient for Bi2Te3 film is largest in all films for the measured temperature range. This is mainly due to the increase in carrier concentration of the doped films. At above 450 K, the Seebeck coefficient of films with x = 0.7 and 1.1 begins to decrease, which may be caused by the bipolar effect . Obviously, the Seebeck coefficient of the Bi2-xSbxTe3 films with x ≤ 1.1 is negative, i.e. n-type conductivity; when x > 1.1, the Seebeck coefficient of Bi2-xSbxTe3 films is positive, corresponding to p-type semiconductor. Similar variation trend of Seebeck coefficient is more clearly shown in b. These illustrate that, with increasing Sb concentrations, the majority carriers change from electrons to