The family of layered dichalcogenide semiconductor materials such as molybdenum disulfide (MoS2) has obtained significant attention over the last years as potential candidates for electronic and optoelectronic applications. These materials consist of stacked quasi two dimensional atomic layers that are physically independent to a large extent and can be separated easily. The combination of two-dimensional (2D) dichalcogenides with other 2D or low dimensional materials, such as graphene boron nitride or other dichalcogenides have interesting applications. In principle it provides a completely new class of artificial materials with designed electronic, optical and mechanical properties. Tuning of electronic properties of 2D transition metal dichalcogenide (TMD) materials are important for their application in optoelectronics. Monolayer TMDs with formula MX2 (M = Mo, W; X = S, Se, Te) describes the class of semiconductors with narrow direct band gap, large exciton binding energies, high photoelectrochemical activity and high optoconductivity. Such materials, due to inversion symmetry breaking are used for the study of valley polarization and spin-vally coupling. Heterostructures (HSs) are used on a large scale in conventional semiconductors for achieving tunable electronic properties. For the development of future 2D materials, the HSs with Van der Waals interactions have been recognized as promising candidates and TMD-based hybrid multilayered structures are a prototype van der Waals HSs. It has been reported that the protected phosphorene and tunable carrier dynamics and optical properties can be achieved by coupling of phosphorene with stable graphene or hBN and even phosphorene suboxide and organism TiL4. According to a theoretical study, phosphorene/graphene HS has been proposed as an anode material for rechargeable Li batteries. The phosphorene/MoS2 HS is a suitable type-II semiconductor for ultraviolet photodetector applications. Moreover, the black-phosphorus/blue-phosphorus HS is predicted to be used in solar energy conversion. Rapid transfer of photogenerated charge carriers between MoSe2 and graphene has been found in MoSe2/graphene HSs depicting its applications in optoelectronics; black phosphorene/MoSe2 HS show potential applications in p-n diodes and logical devices. Insulating perovskite substrate SrTiO3 has also been coupled with MoS2 monolayer that shows direct semiconducting band gap and chemisorption of MoS2 monolayer has been observed. Cathodoluminescence and photon emission excited by a high-energy electron beam can be applied in the analysis of mineral compositions, light emitting diodes and surface plasmon mapping. Compared to photoluminescence the cathodoluminescence offers a much higher excitation energy allowing the study of wide band gap materials including diamond and hexagonal boron nitride (hBN). The