, we plot the variation of κ with T for the samples of FeSb2-x (x = 0, 0.1 and 0.2). A κ (T) maximum of about 2 W/K-m is observed at ∼80 K for FeSb2 which is about two orders of magnitude smaller than the corresponding single crystalline samples . A reduced thermal scattering at low temperatures is responsible for the observance of such a maxima. The overall reduction in the magnitude of κ (T) in polycrystalline samples compared to the single crystalline samples could be attributed to the phenomenon of boundary scattering of phonons and the enhanced Kapitza resistance at grain boundaries . In FeSb1.9, a κ (T) maximum of about 2.4 W/K-m is observed at ∼50 K. With further increase in Sb deficiency, a κ (T) maximum of about 0.5 W/K-m is observed at ∼65 K. Such a non-monotonicity in behavior as a function of Sb deficiency at low temperatures has been reported earlier . This points to the competing roles of electronic and lattice contribution to thermal conductivity with the increase in Sb deficiency in these samples. A characteristic T3/2 behavior of κ (T) at low temperatures is observed in all the reported samples. It should however be noted that the behavior is clearly monotonic as a function of increasing Sb deficiency at temperatures above 80 K. A four-fold decrease in κ in FeSb1.8 compared to the parent FeSb2 sample at high temperatures demonstrates the role of lattice imperfections in FeSb2 and could be employed as a route for enhancing zT in the system. A knowledge about the variation of electronic mean free path (le) and phonon mean free path (lp) as a function of T is desirable to understand the underlying physics. Using the kinetic theory result, κlat= 1/3Cvslp, where, vs is the sound velocity . The lattice contribution to thermal conductivity can be estimated from the thermal conductivity data making use of the Wiedemann-Franz law according to which, κe/σ=L0T, where the Lorenz number L0 = 2.44 × 10−22WΩK−2. Thus, κlat = κ − L0σT. Determination of le can be done within the Drude approximation where, le=m*ve/ne2ρ, with ve=√3kBT/m*, where, m*=me, the electronic mass . The temperature variation of le and lp are shown in .