The world’s energy demands require more efficient methods of producing, storing, transmitting and using clean energy, such as electricity. Superconductors can help address all of these areas with more efficient generators/wind turbine generators, magnetic energy storage devices, power transmission lines, electric motors and so on. One key for these applications is to develop materials such as superconductor, photoelectric and thermoelectric materials that enable alternative energy ‘ecosystems’. For all of these material types, it is necessary to find industrially compatible ways to fabricate high-performance material. The method of nanocomposite inclusion in different perovskite materials is highly effective. Superconductive/thermoelectric material performance can be improved by adding nanoparticles (NPs) that disrupt the order parameter/phonon density while leaving the matrix and electronic structure of the superconductor/thermoelectric intact., In the case of thermoelectrics, the reduction of lattice thermal conductivity through phonon scattering by size-controlled NPs has been predicted in the seminal paper by Hicks and Dresselhaus. This approach has already been demonstrated to be effective in metallic materials, such as Bi2Te3/Sb2Te3 multilayers and PbTe bulk material with natural NP additions with a significant enhancement of the figure of merit (ZT) that has reached up to ~2 at 800 K. In comparison with metallic materials, oxides offer the advantages of reduced cost, nontoxicity and higher stability at high temperatures. Impressive performance using a nanoengineering approach has been obtained in SrTiO3 multilayers with added Nb nanoparticles. Thin films oxides, such as hexagonal Al-ZnO, perovskite RE2-xCexCuO4 (RE214) and RE-doped Sr3Ti2O7, have already demonstrated excellent thermoelectric properties even without the addition of NPs. Other materials, such as transparent delafossite CuAlO2, have the potential to be used as thermoelectrics. The paradigm of insertion and control of artificial NPs in high-Tc superconductors can be easily transferred to all of these other oxides to prepare efficient, environmentally friendly thermoelectric harvesters. It is also crucial to achieve this in a scalable, high-throughput (that is, economical) way. Metal organic deposition (MOD) fulfills all of these requirements; thus, finding ways to tailor the size and density of NPs while ensuring that the underlying matrix remains as pristine as possible is a goal that has been pursued for decades.