Chalcogenide MnTe compound has a typical hexagonal NiAs crystal structure with a large indirect band gap of 1.27 eV and a relatively low hole concentration (p = 10^18 cm−3) at room temperature. Recently, wide band gap semiconductors are frequently employed as potential TE materials due to their intrinsic large Seebeck coefficient and low thermal conductivity , which can work at a relatively high temperature. Thus, MnTe can be a potential candidate for middle-temperature thermoelectric application. Some studies have focused on the low-temperature electrical, magnetic and optical properties of MnTe compound , and MnTe has also been incorporated into PbTe, GeTe and SnTe thermoelectric materials to improve their thermoelectric performance. However, less attention has been paid to its own intrinsic thermoelectric performance. More recently, Kim, et al. prepared bulk non-stoichiometric MnTe materials by a melt-quenching plus spark plasma sintering method, and achieved a high Seebeck coefficient of over 600 μV/K at room temperature and a promising ZT value of ∼0.41 in the Mn0.51Te0.49 sample at 773 K. In the light of the band structure of MnTe, the large Seebeck coefficient is closely related to the large band gap and the p-d overlap induced van Hove singularity in the electron density of states near the valence band edge . Xie et al. reported an enhanced TE performance in a sulfur doped MnTe in a low temperature range as a consequence of the increase of electrical properties and the decrease of thermal conductivity, however, the TE performance at a high temperature has no improvement at all. In general, the large electrical resistivity hinders the compound from achieving a high ZT value. Therefore, tuning its electrical properties is a key issue to improve the TE performance of the compound. Clearly, there are two possible doping sites in MnTe, i.e., the cation and anion sites. Some work on anion doping have already been tried, however, little work on cation doping in MnTe have ever been reported yet.