There have been a few experimental studies on the thermal conductivity of fullerene and its derivatives. Thermal conductivity of single crystal C60 was first measured using static one-heater, two-thermometer method and the reported values are around 0.4 W m-1 K-1 which is nearly temperature independent above 260 K. Later, 3ω method was used to characterize the thermal conductivity of a C60/C70 compact, which was shown to be 0.1 W m-1 K-1 at room temperature. Recently, fullerene derivatives were found to have ultra-low thermal conductivity, which is even lower than that of C60 solids. Duda et al. measured thermal conductivity of phenyl-C61-butyric acid methyl ester (PCBM) using time-domain thermoreflectance (TDTR) and reported exceptionally low values around 0.03 ~ 0.06 W m-1 K-1 at room temperature. Wang et al. conducted TDTR measurements to study the thermal conductivity of fullerene C60 and its derivatives including PCBM and phenyl-C61-butyric acid n-buylester (PCBNB). They observed low thermal conductivity of PCBM and PCBNB around 0.05 ~ 0.06 W m-1 K-1. In addition, they found the thermal conductivity of disordered C60 was about 0.1 W m-1 K-1 at room temperature, nearly a factor of two larger than that of PCBM or PCBNB. As noted by both groups, the conventional minimum thermal conductivity model fails to explain the ultralow thermal conductivity of fullerene derivatives by counting the exact atomic number density in a unit cell. Considering two extremes of pure fullerene (disorder C60 films) and pure organic alkyl-chain systems (amorphous polymers), both have higher thermal conductivities than the fullerene derivatives. Therefore, fullerene derivatives such as PCBM and PCBNB cannot be simply treated as a mixture of fullerene and alkyl chains in the study of their thermal conductivity and their thermal transport mechanisms are complicated by adding the alkyl chains to buckyballs via chemical bonding. Besides, the unusual reduction of thermal conductivity was also observed in the measurements of the intercalated polymer-PCBM composite. The results showed a lower thermal conductivity of the composite than both of the constituents when the polymer volumetric fraction is below 35% and similar mechanism was suggested for the reduction of thermal conductivity.