Silicon-germanium (SiGe) alloys are well established thermoelectric materials for high temperature applications and have been used in Radioisotope Thermoelectric Generators (RTG) in space missions, e.g. in Voyager probes, in which they are still reliably operating after near 40 years . In their crystalline bulk form these alloys possess a power factor similar to that of Si (S2σ = 40–50 µW/K·cm) but a reduced κ due to the alloy-induced scattering of high frequency phonons (down to κ = 4 W/m·K for a highly doped n-type Si0.7Ge0.3 alloy with respect to 150 W/m·K for pure Si) achieving a maximum ZT of 1 at 1100 K . Further κ reduction can be attained by nanostructuring, which yields to enhanced phonon boundary scattering effect in nanowires, thin films, superlattices and finely-grained bulk with characteristic sizes below ~ 100 nm . Boundary scattering mostly affects phonons of intermediate frequencies, leading to a drastically reduced thermal conductivity ruled by a rather small population of low frequency phonons impervious to this mechanism . The reduction of κ by means of alloying and nanostructuring is attained without prejudice of S and σ, leading to an overall increase in ZT, as demonstrated for many thermoelectric materials including Si and SiGe nanowires and other structures . This fact is explained by the comparatively shorter mean free path of electrons with respect to that of phonons in doped semiconductors, which is not reduced in a large proportion when boundary and point-defect (i.e. alloying) disruptions of lattice periodicity are introduced. In the case of SiGe nanowires (NWs) a minimum κ of 1–2 W/m·K and a maximum ZT of 0.46 at 450 K (two times that of similar composition bulk alloy) were reported . Since alloying significantly increases the raw material cost (Ge 900 $/kg vs. Si 1 $/kg), nanostructuring can be regarded as an approach to reduce the amount of Ge needed to yield the targeted ZT (e.g. from 20% to 5% for a ZT of 0.9 as in ), as well as increasing the power per unit mass .