The first report of the thermoelectric performance of oxychalcogenides adopting the [AO][BQ] structure focused on La1−xSrxOCuSe , but interest in these materials grew considerably after the report of ZT = 0.76 at 873 K for the bismuth analogue, Bi1−xSrxOCuSe . Since then, the number of publications on this family of oxychalcogenides has been increasing steadily. Higher ZT values are found for oxychalcogenides with smaller band gaps. Usually, the temperature at which ZT reaches a maximum value is related to the band gap . This is because for a given band gap energy, there is a temperature at which the onset of intrinsic conduction will occur, and the simultaneous excitation of intrinsic electrons and holes will reduce the Seebeck coefficient (S = Sp + Sn) and hence ZT. It has been shown that, for a given operating temperature T, the optimal thermoelectric performance will be found for semiconductors with a band gap of approximately 10kBT . Bismuth-containing [AO][BQ] phases have significantly lower band gaps than those containing rare earth elements, due to the contribution of Bi 6p states to the bottom of the conduction band . Although the lowest band gap is found for the oxytelluride for which ZT = 0.66 at 673 K, there is a very limited number of doping studies , and most of the effort in optimising the thermoelectric performance has centred on the bismuth oxyselenide. For instance, high values of the thermoelectric figure of merit, ZT, have been obtained by doping with divalent (Sr2+, Ca2+, Pb2+, Mg2+) or monovalent cations (Na+, K+) . Alternatively, p-type doping can be achieved by introducing vacancies at the copper site, which leads to a ZT value of 0.81 at 923 K for BiOCu0.975Se . In addition, the thermal conductivity of Ba2+ doped BiOCuSe could be decreased by approximately 40% when reducing the grain sizes down to 200–400 nm, resulting in an even higher ZT value of 1.1 at 923 K . Similar reductions in thermal conductivity have been found for ball milled BiOCuSe , suggesting that nanostructuring may be an effective approach to enhance the thermoelectric response of these materials. The highest figure of merit, ZT ∼1.4 (at 923 K), seems to have been achieved through the introduction of texture in Bi0.875Ba0.125OCuSe by hot forging . More recently, dual vacancies at the bismuth and the copper site have been exploited to reduce the thermal conductivity and control the charge