Most importantly, we found that the observed Seebeck coefficient of the CoCp2@SWNT film showed a negative value (- 41.8 μV K-1 at 320 K), which corresponds to an n-type semiconductor, while that of the empty SWNT film was positive (45.3 μV K-1 at 320 K), which indicates the p-type nature. The conversion from the p-type semiconductor to the n-type semiconductor by encapsulation of CoCp2 inside the nanotubes is derived from the change in charge carrier from holes to electrons due to the charge transfer from CoCp2 to the nanotube, as indicated from the XPS data shown in Figure 2a. Kawai et al. reported the relationship between the highest-occupied molecular orbital (HOMO) of dopants and the sign (i.e. positive/negative) of the Seebeck coefficient of the doped SWNT films. They reported that the dopants with HOMO above roughly 5.6 eV vs. vacuum altered the charge carrier of the carbon nanotubes from holes to electrons. The ionization energy of CoCp2 (solid state) was reported to be ~4.0 eV vs. vacuum. This indicates that it has sufficient electronic potential to reduce the SWNTs, which have an estimated reduction potential of the used SWNTs is ~4.2 V vs. vacuum. This indicates that charge transfer from CoCp2 to the nanotubes can occur, leading to the n-type semiconducting nature. Furthermore, based on the DFT calculations for the encapsulation of CoCp2 inside the SWNTs, Green et al. reported that the singly occupied molecular orbital (SOMO) of CoCp2 is higher than the conduction band of the (n,0)SWNT (n = 13–18). Thus, the charge transfer can proceed from CoCp2 to the SWNTs and the CoCp2@SWNTs shows n-type semiconducting behaviour. These values allowed us to calculate the power factor (W m-1 K-2) using the following equation (2), . where S and σ are the Seebeck coefficient (V K-1) and electric conductivity (S m-1), respectively. The power factor of the CoCp2@SWNT film (75.4 μW m-1 K-2 at 320 K) is much larger than that of the SWNT film due to its higher electrical conductivity than that of the empty SWNT film (Fig. 3f) and the value was larger than any other reported n-type SWNT-based materials as shown in Table 1. Generally, the electrical conductivity and Seebeck coefficient show a trade-off nature,. However, in our CoCp2@SWNT film, the high electrical conductivity is compatible to a large Seebeck coefficient compared with the other n-type SWNT films (Table 1). We assumed that the doping