Fig. 6(a) shows the electrical resistivity values of all the films at room temperature. The electrical resistivity of pure CaMnO3 is 2.70 Ω cm, which is comparable to the other reported room temperature values, 1.8 Ω cm (ref. 16) and 8 Ω cm. The electrical resistivity at room temperature of the Nb-alloyed samples are 0.09 Ω cm, 0.08 Ω cm, 0.18 Ω cm and 0.33 Ω cm with increasing Nb content. These values are comparatively higher than other reports, 2–8 mΩ cm for x = 0.04–0.1 (ref. 18) and 10–20 mΩ cm for x = 0.05–0.08. We observe that 5–6% Nb-content results in the lowest electrical resistivity. Further increase in Nb-content beyond 6% leads to an increase in electrical resistivity. The evolution of the electrical resistivity with increasing Nb-content can be tentatively explained as follows. The introduction of pentavalent Nb5+ ions at the Mn-site of CaMnO3 results in the formation of trivalent Mn3+ ions to maintain the charge neutrality. This changes the Mn4+–O–Mn4+ bonding configuration to Mn4+–O–Mn3+ bonds, resulting in free electrons in this framework. It is possible that Mn takes other oxidation states than trivalent as Mn can have a multitude of different oxidation states and we have not confirmed which oxidation state Mn is in. The amount of Mn4+–O–Mn3+ bonds are related to the amount of Nb that substitute the Mn-site in the CaMnO3 films. Thus, an increase in electrical conductivity is expected with the increase in Nb-content in the CaMnO3 films, which is observed experimentally in our films at Nb-content up to 6%. At higher Nb content, the effect of introduced scattering centres in the films become dominant over the effect of increased charge carriers, leading to high electrical resistivity. However, it is challenging to quantify the fraction of Nb that is effectively substituting Mn ions, as some of it is concentrated around void surfaces, as observed in EDX. This reduction in effective alloyant amount could affect the electrical resistivity, but most likely not to the extent observed in this work. Instead, the observed R–P phase and boundary lines observed in HAADF-HRSTEM images, seen in Fig. 3 and 4, are more likely the reason for the increased electrical resistivity. There are few studies, both experimental and theoretical, on the electrical properties of Can+1MnnO3n+1, showing that the electrical resistivity increase several orders of magnitude for n = 1 compared to the CaMnO3 phase. Furthermore, the electrical resistivity