Figure 5d shows the total thermal conductivity as a function of temperature for Bi1-xCaxCuSeO samples. The total thermal conductivity of undoped BiCuSeO decreases with increasing temperature from 0.89 W m-1 K-1 at 300 K to 0.45 W m-1 K-1 at 923 K (heat capacity (Supplementary Figure S2) and thermal diffusivity (Supplementary Figure S3)). This total thermal conductivity is very low and comparable to other high-performance thermoelectric materials,, even lower than that of nanostructured Bi–Sb–Te. The total thermal conductivity increases with increasing Ca content but still maintains low over the entire measuring temperature range, for example, 1.05 W m-1 K-1 at 300 K and 0.52 W m-1K-1 at 923 K for the Bi0.90Ca0.10CuSeO sample. Generally, the lattice thermal conductivity κlat can be estimated by directly subtracting the electronic thermal conductivity κele from the total thermal conductivity κtot. The electronic part κele is proportional to the electrical conductivity σ through the Wiedemann–Franz relation, κele=LσT, where L is the Lorenz number obtained from fitting the respective Seebeck coefficient values with an estimate of the reduced chemical potential (η), as shown in Supplementary Figure S4 (Lorenz number calculation details can be found in the SI; the electronic thermal conductivity κele is shown in Supplementary Figure S5). Figure 4e shows the lattice thermal conductivity as a function of temperature for Bi1-xCaxCuSeO samples. BiCuSeO shows a very low lattice thermal conductivity of 0.88 W m-1 K-1 at 300 K and 0.43 W m-1 K-1 at 923 K, which is much lower than those of PbTe-based thermoelectrics., The possible origin of the intrinsically low thermal conductivity of BiCuSeO will be discussed later in this paper. As the thermal conductivity values are very low, it is worth comparing them with the calculated minimum lattice thermal conductivity κlat,min for BiCuSeO to assess if there is still room for improvement. The lattice thermal conductivity κlat can be estimated by the following relationship,.